AGE OF CLAUSABILITY (ayj' uv klaw' za bil' ih tee) - n. The point at which we stop believing in Santa
ANANANANY (an a na' na nee) n. The inability to stop spelling the word "banana" once you've started

AQUACOUSTICS			n. Sound waves in the bathroom that enable
(ak wa koo' stiks)		   anyone to sing on key

BARFIUM				n. The horrible smelling cleanser they
(bar' fee um)			   mop down the school corridors with

BARCUUMING			v. Using the family dog to remove the
(bar' ku ming)			   crumbs that have dropped to the floor

BLOG				n. Overly generous deposits of fish food
(blahg)				   floating at the top of an aquarium

CHOCTASY			n. The joy of discovering a second layer
(chok' tuh see)			   of chocolates underneath the first

CIRCUMVACULATE			v. To remain stationary while vacuuming
sur kum vak' yew layt)		   in a circle around oneself

CRUSTADJUSTER			n. The "light-dark" knob on a toaster
(krus' ta jus tur)		   that makes you think you're in control

EGGORY				n. The part of the fridge that holds the eggs
(eg' eree)

EXCESS BUNNERAGE		adj. When the buns at a cook-out come in
(eks' es bun' ur aj)		   eight packs & the hotdogs in six

FIGFORCE			n. Mysterious magnetic force that holds
(fig' fawrs)			   two or more Fig Newtons together

FUTILITY INFIELDER		n. One who tries to stop grounders by
(few til' ih tee in' feel dur)	   throwing his glove at them

GARBPACTION			v. The act of cramming just one more item
(garb pak' shun)		   into a garbage can to avoid emptying it

GEOUCH				n. The sharp rock one always finds
(jee' owch)			   directly beneath his sleeping bag

HEMOPLUGS			n. Small pieces of toilet paper applied
(hee' moh plugz)		   to shaving wounds

LEXPLEXED			adj. unable to find the correct spelling
(leks' plekst)			   for a word in the dictionary because you
 				   don't know how to spell it

MEMOSPHERE			n. The part of the sky one searches when
(meh' moh sfeer)		   trying to recall something in the past

SLOOVERS			n. Remnants of soap too small to use, but
(sloo' uvrz)			   too big to throw away

SMITHCORONETIC			n. A person who eats corn on the cob in a
(smith cah roh net' ik)		   left to right or "typewriter" style

STOPTIONAL			n. Any stop sign in the middle of nowhere
(stop' shun ul)			   that no one pays attention to

TERMA HELPER			n. The extra verbiage one uses to stretch
(ter' mahel' pur)		   a 600-word essay to the required 1000

THRUB				n. The small web of skin between the
(thrub)				   thumb & index finger that makes us 0.0005%
 				   amphibian

B+STAMPEDE		n. The attempt by half the classroom to claim the paper
(bee' plus stam peed)      with no name on it

BACKSPACKLE		n. Markings on the back of one's shirt from
(bak' spak uhl)		   riding a fenderless bicycle

BALDAGE			n. The accumulation of hair in the drain after showering
(bald' aj)

BEAVO			n. A pencil with teeth marks all over it
(bee' vo)

BURGACIDE		n. When a hamburger can't take any more torture &
(burg' uh side)		   hurls itself through the grill into the coals

CALTITUDE		n. The height to which a cat's rear end can rise
(kal' tih tood)		   to meet the hand stroking it

CHECKUARY		n. The thirteenth month of the year.  Begins New
(chek' yew airee)	   Year's Day & ends when a person stops absentmindedly
			   writing the old year on his/her checks.

CHEERIOMAGNETIZATION	
(cheer ee oh mag net i zay' shun)
			n. The tendency of the last four or five Cheerios
			   in the bowl to cling together for survival

DOORK			n. A person who always pushes on a door marked
(dawrk)			   "pull" or vice versa

DRYLOWGRAPHS		n. Strange, unintelligible symbols that accompany
(dry' loh grafs)	   the washing instructions on clothing labels

EASTROTURF		n. The artifical grass in Easter baskets
(ee' stroh terf)

FETCHPLEX		n. State of momentary confusion in a dog whose
(fech' pleks)		   owner has faked throwing the ball & palmed it
			   behind his back

GRANTNAP		n. The extra five minutes of sleep you allow
(grant' nap)		   yourself that somehow makes all the difference in
			   the world

GREEDLING		v. pretending to read the inscription on the
(gree' dling)		   birthday card when you really just want to know how
			   much the check is for

HOUNDWOUNDING		n. Canine act of circling a spot three or four
(hownd' wown ding)	   times before setting on it

INKSLICK		n. A greasy spot on a piece of stationary or test paper
(ink' slik)

MOTODRIFT		n. The mistaken belief at a stoplight that your
(moh' toh drift)	   car is moving backwards when, actually, the car
			   beside you is moving forwards

MULTIPOCHOHOLES		n. wounds left in test papers from overerasing
(mul ti po' cho holz)

PEDAERATION		n. Perfect body heat achieved by having one leg
(ped air ay' shun)	   under the sheet & one hanging off the edge of the
			   bed

PREMADERCI		n. The act of saying goodbye to someone, then
(pree muh dayr' chi)	   running into him/her again moments later (usually
			   accompanied by a lame quip such as "you following
			   me?")

PUPSQUEAK		n. The sound a yawning dog emits when it opens
(puhp' squeek)		   its mouth too wide

SNARGLE			v. To lessen the visual impact of a horror movie
(snar' gul)		   by filtering it through one's fingers

ZEEPT			n. The accumulation of dead insects around an
(zeept)			   electric bug fryer

